hi everyone and welcome to an update why
autonomy gaming reviews fart bites this
is mr. postman for the Atari 2600 I
unavenged make it to second level but
this game is so really hard and there's
amazing sound effects I almost made it
up there too hard there's a timer at the
bottom so the bird is shooting up the
seat you have to go up there and fly
away to safety all right after you lose
all your lives to the game crashes but
just allows you to reset your game and
start all over again button a chance ah
come on oh this game is hard it's cool
but it is really terrible no but I mean
it's really hard it's fun oh come on
this game just doesn't respond to my
controls ah
not sure about the timer all right I
made it but the game was trashed I hate
that bird this game is so hard I cannot
get to the first level solve you night
sake mr. t will die ah when this game is
really hard this is the one my best
guess this is kind of the worst games I
wouldn't really recommend getting mr.
postman because it is so really old
backup on oh man this game is really
hard I say this is worse than that
stupid soccer game i reviewed in the
first part this is even worse now that
strawberry shortcake one is worse there
is no way I will let anyone waste their
money on that game come on please work
yay and we fly away to safety double to
mr. postman has to shoot our gesture
I'll avoiding the thunder of death okay
so the game crash alright so that does
basically mr. postman for the Atari 2600
right not sure what I'm going to review
next time but that's all for now thank
you if I and thanks for watching